Perfcounter 4.0 doco (#4438)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/perfcounters-3to4.md

## .NET Core support

NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters now supports .NET Framework and .NET Core, however because performance counters are Windows only, the package only works in .NET Core on Windows. Attempting to run it on other architectures will result in a `PlatformNotSupportedException`.

## MsBuild package deprecated

In NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters 4.0, the [NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters.MsBuild](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters.MsBuild) NuGet package is deprecated, and the PowerShell script used to create performance counters has been merged into the [NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters) package.

Version 4.0.0 of NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters.MsBuild will be the last release of this package. When included in a project, it will produce this error at compile time:

> The NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters.MsBuild package is deprecated and should be removed from the project. The Powershell script to create performance counter objects is now included in the NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters package.

> In all projects where the NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters.MsBuild package is in use, it can be removed when upgrading to NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters 4.0, and the PowerShell script will continue to be generated in the build output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all projects where the NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters.MsBuild package is in use, it can be removed when upgrading to NServiceBus.Metrics.PerformanceCounters 4.0, and the PowerShell script will continue to be included in the build output.
```

## PerformanceCounterSettingsAttribute deprecated

Along with the MsBuild package deprecation, the `PerformanceCounterSettingsAttribute` which controlled the MsBuild package's generation capabilities is also deprecated.

The `ScriptPromotionPath` property is no longer supported. The new package will no longer promote the script(s) outside of the build directory. If this is required, a [post-build event](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/how-to-use-build-events-in-msbuild-projects) can be used to copy the output outside the build directory.

## C# script deprecated

> The C# script file `Counters.g.cs` is deprecated and will no longer be generated inside the build directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The C# script file `Counters.g.cs` is deprecated and will no longer be included in the build output.
```

The `ScriptPromotionPath` property is no longer supported. The new package will no longer promote the script(s) outside of the build directory. If this is required, a [post-build event](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/how-to-use-build-events-in-msbuild-projects) can be used to copy the output outside the build directory.

> ## Counter descriptions changed

Reviewer: Does this need to be mentioned elsewhere in the documentation and not just the upgrade guide?

Author: No, it's hardly even a thing.
